Document where to find container images for Kubernetes components (#33906)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/_index.md

control, available resources, and expertise required to operate and manage a cluster.

You can [download Kubernetes](/releases/download/) to deploy a Kubernetes cluster
on a local machine, into the cloud, or for your own datacenter. 

[Kubernetes components](/docs/concepts/overview/components/) i.e Api Server, kube-proxy can also be 
deployed as [container images](/releases/download/#container-images) 
within the cluster, these come handy if you're installing Kubernetes in an air-gapped system, storing them
in a local repository, or downloading them on a usb drive. It is recommended to run the components
as container images.

These images are stored on https://registry.k8s.io and can be pulled/downloaded based 

> on the architecture and version.

Author: Sure I'll rewrite it with the style guide and remove those details, I was just trying to give a hint to the reader as to why these may be required, etc like an example for why container images could be used.

You can [download Kubernetes](/releases/download/) to deploy a Kubernetes cluster
on a local machine, into the cloud, or for your own datacenter.

> [Kubernetes components](/docs/concepts/overview/components/) such as `API Server` or `Kube-proxy` can also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several [Kubernetes components](/docs/concepts/overview/components/) such as `kube-apiserver` or `kube-proxy` can also be
```

Author: No worries this seems better I'll update these!

deployed as [container images](/releases/download/#container-images) within the cluster.

> It is **recommended** to run Kubernetes Components as container images.

Author: Makes sense, I'll update these!
